"The Narrow River Killing
refers to the brutal murder
of Paul Sparling.
Fellow student Shane Martin
was arrested for first-degree murder.
though it was widely believed
his classmate. Oliver St. Ledger.
was responsible for the crime."
When I was high school. a kid drowned.
I was. um. involved.
Paul just attacked Shane.
And Shane just kept on pushing
Paul's head underwater.
-You're a fucking liar.
-Ciara.
-What are you talking about?
-Don't follow me.
Did you forget
the restraining order. Shyla?
You need to get Oliver St. Ledger away
from my family.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oliver St. Ledger is living
with my little sister.
Megan?
What the fuck. Shyla?
I am going to help you get rid of him.
I'm gonna take care of it.
-No. you won't.
-Shyla. I need you
to trust me
that I'm gonna handle this on my own.
Oliver. you there?
This woman. Ciara.
is not who you think she is.
It's Megan Martin. She's Shane's sister.
It's okay. Dan.
He knows.
Anything they start off fighting
about. he can bring it back to that.
I mean. this time.
it was about how mom
never puts gas in the car
and he always has to do it
when he's already late.
You know. and somehow he brings it back
to how my school wants me to apply
to all these private.
out-of-state D1 colleges for lacrosse
and it makes him look like the bad guy.
'cause he can't afford any of them.
Shane. I mean.
your dad is the Kevin Garnett
of talking shit about Bridgefield.
You know? And. also. there's such
a thing as lacrosse scholarships.
Ivies don't have athletic scholarships.
And nowhere else is gonna be a full ride.
Whatever. I mean. talking about why
all these schools are no-go's
also pisses him off.
-Mm.
-You're so lucky.
Yeah. I know you think so.
I'm not even talking
about being able to afford Stanford.
Being able to afford to buy Stanford
and rename it after yourself.
St. Ledger University.
Shut-shut up. dude. please.
I'm talking about not having to listen
to your parents screaming
at each other every five minutes.
Over something you can't change
and neither can they.
Well. I mean. to want to argue about shit.
you kind of got to care about it.
You know?
It's not that difficult.
Well. I mean. anytime mine want to stop
caring so much. that would be great.
But they won't. 'cause they can't live
unless they're up my ass.
My sister can't either. I mean.
Shyla moved to fucking Pawtucket.
and she's still trying to be my boss.
Aw.
-What I would give... to be you.
-Here we go.
For one day.
Just one. Just to try. just to see.
Not even for the money.
Just for the. like...
silence.
I might've told Paul we would be here.
Whatever. He's not a bad guy
if you give him a chance.
You say that every single time.
He's just insecure.
I promise. if you hang in there.
eventually. he stops being such a dick.
Prove it.
-What does that even mean?
-Sup. fuckheads?
You gonna be okay? What's up?
What's up is I fucking ran here.
You're kidding. From Bridgefield?
Yeah. that's right. shithead.
Wow. Well. I know Coach said
you need to do more cardio.
but damn.
You guys are so into this place.
I mean. it was cool for. like.
I don't know.
five minutes in middle school.
But Jesus.
And don't you literally have.
like. a massive house
with a fucking... helipad?
There's no helipad.
Why would anybody want
to hang out here instead of there?
Your dad have. like.
a "no peasant" rule or something?
Oh. 'cause I'm a peasant. right?
A scholarship peasant?
Yeah. I've been in there.
Has your dad even lived
in that house before?
Like. uh...
even when you were a baby?
'Cause my dad says your dad
hasn't been back to Narragansett
since. like. the '90s.
How would your dad even know that?
Well. he's in global finance.
too. dude.
People talk to each other.
It's a... network.
Who cares? All right?
Ollie's house is fucking freezing.
and none of the furniture is comfortable.
-Okay?
-Yeah.
What the...
Are you fucking kidding me?
There's mosquitoes now?
Come on.
Is your mom in town?
Is that why we can't go to your house?
-What's your fucking deal. dude?
-Uh. it's buggy and clammy here.
and it doesn't not smell like pee.
Uh. you have
a house. too. dipshit.
Yeah. well. they're selling it.
'Cause the whole divorce
is my dad punishing my mom
for getting mad at him for cheating. so...
That's hard.
I'm really sorry.
Thanks.
How is your mom doing?
Shittily.
-Why?
-Just sucks. That's all.
Makes total sense why she'd be having
a tough time with everything.
Yeah. Makes total sense
your mom would be running her mouth again
about someone she barely fucking knows.
Fuck you. She knows her.
Yeah. from sidelines
and sport banquets.
but not really.
What are you even talking about?
You just seem like you know something.
Shane. so you tell me.
Your mom's the one saying shit
she heard from somebody
who heard it from somebody
like it's fucking real.
-She saw it in the paper. Paul.
-Who reads
the local news? No one.
When...
When NPD arrest someone.
it's always in the local police blotter.
I'm not saying it should be. but...
She didn't think
she was gonna need a basket.
and then she had
too many things in her hands.
so she was gonna go get one.
I mean. she didn't even leave
the fucking store.
and now everybody thinks
she's a fucking thief!
You know what? I'm sorry.
-Yeah. I'm sorry. too.
-Yeah.
I'm sorry your mom's a bitch
who won't shut the fuck up.
Man. what's your fucking problem?
Hey. guys!
-Guys!
-Fucking...
Oh! Ow...
Take a fucking second!
-Take a second. okay? Chill.
-Fuck! Fuck!
Chill out.
♪ Who are you ♪
♪ To wave your finger? ♪
♪ You must have been out your head ♪
♪ Eyehole deep in muddy waters ♪
♪ You practically raised ♪
-♪ The dead ♪
-Stop!
♪ Rob the grave ♪
♪ To snow the cradle ♪
♪ Then burn ♪
♪ The evidence down ♪
♪ Soapbox house of cards and glass so ♪
♪ Don't go tossing your stones around ♪
♪ You must have been ♪
♪ High ♪
♪ You must have been ♪♪
Let me go!
If I say it's self-defense.
-if I just tell them
that it's self-defense...
-It doesn't work like that.
-It doesn't work like that!
-They're gonna...
they're gonna... they're gonna say
-that it's self-defense.
-Just stop!
-But if we j... but if we just...
-They're not gonna call it self-defense.
'cause it was you that did it!
You weren't defending yourself!
Look.
We didn't go to the Narrows today
after school. all right?
And we didn't... we didn't know
Paul was gonna be there.
He didn't ask me
to hang out after practice.
and he wouldn't have asked you anything.
'cause you're not even fucking friends.
Uh. I had to go home
and babysit my sister anyway.
So you gave me a ride. and then you what?
-Say it.
-I...
I went home.
And I studied for chem
until I got a headache and then I...
and then I went to bed.
What about... what about your. um...
I wiped out during scoring drills. and...
someone must have stepped on me.
I'm sorry.
I know you were just trying to help me.
Hmm. Save me.
You probably did.
Thanks.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Where were you?
Those are dirty.
Yeah. whatever.
Why are you wet?
-I took a shower.
-When?
Just now.
Then I thought I heard something outside.
What did you do to your face?
-Nothing.
-You look like you...
No. I don't. Megan!
I got fouled at practice. All right?
And then I came home and I took a shower
and now I'm back in here. with you.
like I have been this whole time.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
I'm hungry.
You want to make stovetop s'mores?
Hey. Oliver. I don't have him.
but I maybe might this weekend.
It has to be now.
I'm sorry.
It's really important.
I hope he thinks so.
Okay.
Hello?
Can anyone hear us?
Gretchen and Kenji.
if you're on. get off.
So what's so cloak-and-dagger...
I killed someone.
What?
Who?
Paul.
Paul Sparling.
You're sure he's dead?
Yeah.
We were at the Narrows.
Who's "we"?
Me. Shane Martin and Paul.
Who else?
It was just us.
Okay. Stop talking.
I need to think.
Not sick of Boston yet. I guess. huh?
Oliver. I'm Detective Sheehan.
My lieutenant's just getting off a call.
-but we can start and he'll join...
-This being recorded. Gerry?
Not a custodial interrogation. so...
I want to make some notes.
but first things first.
Your lawyer here. Mr. Sykes.
he filled me in a little bit
on what happened.
but obviously. I want to hear it from you.
Can you tell me about it?
Just start wherever you're comfortable.
If I have any questions. I'll ask.
Yeah. I was.
um... I was home.
and I-I'd been studying all night
because I had a midterm coming up
and. uh. I didn't really understand
the material.
Uh. but I. uh. I forgot to eat.
So. uh. after a little while
I got-got a headache.
and. um. I set an alarm
for early so I can. uh.
wake up and do some more in the morning.
But then I. uh. I woke up. uh.
because someone was. um...
was. uh. buzzing to be let in.
And who was that?
Um...
That was. uh. Shane.
Shane Martin.
Shane Martin. Okay.
And this was what time?
This was around midnight.
Last chance. No idea?
-You have no idea?
-No.
You can't think
of a single thing happening
-they might want to talk to you about?
-He said no.
Right. and I don't buy it.
is why I keep asking
'cause I want to have some idea
of what kind of buzz saw
we're about to walk into.
You knock out some more streetlights?
Or steal some shit
your buddies think is nothing
but to regular people means real money?
God. like you
and your friends never got
into anything stupid before.
Except. you know what.
no one at your school
ever got into an Ivy League college.
-Probably doesn't even know what one is.
-Oh... Sh...
So. Shane's going
to the Ivy League now?
Wow. Really. wow.
When were you guys gonna tell me that?
-After we talked to the cops. I guess?
-Could you have a little faith
in your son. please?
-Can we just... He's a good kid.
-'Cause-'cause I have.
-I have no faith in my son. right?
-He's a good kid.
-and he's a great...
-So you're on with that
-whole narrative again.
that I have no faith in my son...
-He could have a better f...
-He could have a better future.
-He could have a...
Jeff.
Hey. great to see you.
Fabulous. Look at you. young man.
Listen. I want you
to tell your father I said hello.
-Stop. stop!
-Shane!
Hey! Hey!
Stop that! Hey! Hey!
Now stop it!
Don't hurt him. Don't hurt him.
-Stop! Come on!
-Take it easy.
Stop it. Get out of here.
Where is he going?
-Where is he go... Wait.
-Please. step back inside.
All right. come on.
Cutting it kind of close
-there. Otis.
-Fuck.
Hey. Oliver. move it.
Seven minutes till morning announcements.
If I had that car. I'd probably want
to hang out in it all day too. but...
you're about to get one demerit
for being late
and another for ignoring me to my face...
Oh. my God. are you. are you all right?
Hey. Oliver. can you open the door? Jesus.
Where's my. where's my...
we need to call 911.
No. Please. please. please.
No. please don't.
Please.
I still think we should
at least go to urgent care.
I feel way better now. I really do.
All right. but still.
an hour ago.
you were passing out in your car.
Uh. amoxicillin.
Here.
Take two... or maybe four.
-Why do you just have these?
-Dog bite.
-In the Stop & Shop parking lot.
-Yeah?
Apparently. different tail waggings
have different meanings.
I thought a dog wagging its tail
always means friendly.
It does not.
Yeah. I thought that. too.
Yeah. well. now we both know better.
What about your mom?
-What if we called her?
-No. I think it's. uh.
I think it's 12 hours ahead there.
Well. it still wouldn't be past 11:00 p.m.
I don't think that there's reception.
There's gonna be reception at a resort.
Uh. she's off the coast.
It's-it's her friend's boat.
Um. and the school knows. She told them.
I'm gonna have them mark you
an excused absence.
I'll say I saw you
and I sent you home sick.
That's not even a lie.
And I'll leave you the amoxicillin.
Take a couple more tonight.
Look. uh. I know...
you were good friends
with Shane and Paul.
I know you're having
a hard time right now.
Wish you weren't having it alone.
Go easy on yourself. okay?
Understand that...
something terrible
has happened to you. too.
Try to give yourself a little grace.
Uh. wait. Uh...
Uh. please. wait.
And you're what again?
The guidance counselor?
School counselor.
What kind of background's
a school counselor
supposed to have in this kind of thing?
Well. I-I'm actually a licensed
independent clinical social worker.
but I'm working towards
getting licensed in Rhode Island
as a clinical mental health counselor.
And what makes you think
my son needs your help?
I'm not saying it has to be me...
but...
from the amount of detail Oliver gave
me about his present headspace.
and what led to it.
he's gonna need therapy from someone.
And what amount of detail
would that be. exactly?
Clinically.
Enough.
Enough for what?
Just enough to know what really happened.
Hmm.
Every time I think there's nothing left
that can surprise me...
I'll put you in touch
with my personal accountant.
Mom?
Yeah?
Do you want tea?
No.
I understand
this may be weird at first.
It's okay. You do this. too?
You know. you see people
outside of school?
My real-life goal was...
always this.
So. I'm your first patient?
Yeah. Kind of are.
But don't you have
to be able to come clean?
Tell the truth? You know...
be honest?
What are you saying.
you haven't been honest with me?
You didn't tell me the truth?
Of course I have. Yes. I did.
Okay. then.
It's-it's gonna work.
Hey. it's already working.
Yo. Shyla.
You want to meet us at the Crypt?
I can't. Do a shooter for me.
-Hello?
-Hey. Megeggie?
-Hi. Shy.
-Hello?
It's not Shane. Mom.
Don't tie up the phone.
She just talked to him yesterday.
didn't she?
They're not gonna let him
call her again today.
I doubt she knows what day it is.
When are you coming home?
Twenty minutes.
I'm leaving work right now. Just...
do us all a favor
and stay out of her way. okay?
Okay.
You all packed?
You travel Tuesday. right?
Orientation's probably
gonna be pretty hectic.
Lot of new people. new living situation.
What? What are.
what are you thinking right now?
That you were right.
That I might not be ready. right now.
to go to Stanford.
That I can't.
Have you talked about
any of this with your dad?
No.
Ah.
Well...
you need to. Ollie.
Call him and tell him.
I can't.
You want me to do it?
Please. yes.
Okay.
Thank you.
Oliver St. Ledger.
He dropped my brother off
at our house in his car.
Are you aware Mr. St. Ledger says
he did not see your brother after school
until Shane came to his house
after midnight?
-Yes. I am. but it's not true. because...
-What the hell are you doing?
Are you...?
Are you playing at trial or something?
-Is it...? Is it supposed to be funny?
-No. No.
Because it isn't.
I know.
I did see him.
Shane didn't come right home
after practice.
He didn't come home till later and...
when he did. I saw him.
I saw him getting out of Oliver's car...
I can't believe
you're doing this right now.
I cannot believe
you can't see how wrong it is
for you to do this right now!
It's not like that. It's really true!
It's never like that. Right?
Like... like when your teacher kicked you.
like when the woman in
the Stop & Shop tried to kidnap you...
It's never about you wanting attention.
It's always true.
The jury is deciding
right now. Megan. remember?
They're all sitting in a room
talking about whether
they're gonna send
your brother to prison for life.
Now. I'm sorry that
we are all so terrified about that
we can't put our attention on you.
I'm sorry this is the worst fucking thing
that's ever happened in the world
and you still have to make it about you.
The people of the State
of Rhode Island v. Shane Martin.
Verdict. count one.
voluntary manslaughter.
We the jury find the defendant guilty.
Six minutes.
11 seconds. actually.
Pretty good for my age. huh?
Or anybody's age.
What were you.
last time you were in the pool?
Uh. 3:17.
The fuck?
You're going backwards now.
Are you even practicing?
I'm not really sleeping lately.
Since the verdict.
I get it.
All the more reason to stay disciplined.
Here's the thing:
Practice.
You have to do it every day.
You're staying on it. right?
Grow your capacity.
Your number grows. It's like anything.
Just keep at it and let me know.
Sometimes I just feel
like I have to call Shane.
But that's stupid.
because you can't call. so...
No. you can't call.
I tried to go to see him.
To be put
on his visitors' list or whatever.
When. um...
when did you do this?
I don't know. A month ago.
They said he said no.
Oh. well...
That's understandable too. though. right?
If he'd said yes. what. um...
So I tried to write it in a. in a letter.
I am disappointed that you didn't
feel like this was something
you could talk over with me first...
It felt like I could.
I could start with-with this.
Uh. but then. but then.
I-I felt like.
if I send it. is he even gonna open it?
And if he doesn't open it.
then maybe sending it
at all is still the point...
I don't... I-I don't know.
Okay. Okay. What about this?
Shane knows me. from school.
What if I ask to be
put on his visitors' list?
I-I-I don't say why.
but I take that with me.
And I read it.
Out loud.
And whatever happens next is up to him.
I'm just sorry
I couldn't make myself do it before.
And I know it won't make me a good person
to do the right thing now. but still...
I'm gonna fix everything.
I promise.
-You look a little...
-The. uh...
-The food's pretty bad here.
-Yeah.
And they serve it at weird times.
Whatever.
I don't know why I didn't think
you'd actually come.
I don't know why
it took me so long to ask.
Well. I mean. we didn't ever talk
all that much in school. so...
-I'm sorry.
-I'm not saying that for. like. blame.
No. I-I know you're not.
I... Just doesn't reflect
very well on me. though.
So can I ask how you are?
I'm so sorry.
about all of this.
It's just... it's really terrible.
Yeah.
Yeah. it's pretty terrible. Yeah.
In full disclosure. and I know
I should have said this up front
-when I first asked to come see you...
-Are you gonna try
to write a book or something?
Oh. Uh. no.
I'm working with Oliver.
Working with him how?
Just counseling him. As his therapist.
So you're with him. then?
I wouldn't let him in. so he sent you?
No.
Although. obviously.
that's a very logical first question...
What does he need therapy for? Huh?
Does he feel bad for what he did?
Actually. yeah. he does.
Which part?
Killing Paul?
Or killing me?
I understand it must feel unbelievable...
-What must?
-I don't know.
How the world's just still turning.
Like you were never even in it.
Like all I am is this thing
I didn't do. you mean?
All because I was stupid
and tried to help my friend?
Do you guys talk about that.
in your little fucking therapy sessions?
What he did to me for trying to help him?
Because if anything else.
you're just another person getting paid
to listen to him lie.
Shane...
you know. it doesn't matter
what Oliver's told me.
My job isn't to judge what the truth is.
and I wouldn't be in charge
of anything even if it was.
It's more that his pain has
made me think about yours.
and how I just. I can't imagine
what you're going through.
Or the strength I know
you'll need to find.
For what?
-I have strength.
-I know you do.
See. I remember that about you.
Like you said. we didn't talk much.
but still. I could tell
you had character. integrity.
That those things mattered to you.
Just...
Before I came to Bridgefield.
I was a social worker...
this was in Connecticut...
and a lot of my clients were
in your situation.
with public defenders who were
no match for white shoes.
-And?
-One of my clients...
Dawn. uh.
her husband was doing
15 to life in MacDougall.
Dave had a carpet-laying business
with his cousin.
and the cousin had a shady side thing
where a guy ended up
getting killed over money.
and the cousin took a plea
for saying it was all Dave.
And. you know. Dave just thought.
he didn't do it and that would prevail.
And he didn't know
how to stop his frustration
and rage from getting him into situations
that just added more years
to his sentence...
Or how to live
knowing he was only in prison
in the first place
off a lie from someone he trusted.
And compared to you...
he was lucky.
He wasn't up against people
with enough money
to make the world
exactly the way they want it.
So. what happened to Dave?
Is he still in prison?
No.
When did he get paroled?
He didn't.
I'm-I'm not gonna...
go into details. if it's okay.
Just out of respect.
I'm just never. never
gonna forget that phone call.
There was one tiny silver lining...
crazy as that is to say...
Dave's family didn't think so.
but I know Dave would have.
It's something called
the doctrine of abatement.
Look. if you're convicted at trial.
even for murder.
and you die in prison before
all your appeals are exhausted.
your conviction's automatically set aside.
and your indictment is dismissed.
like it never even happened.
When he died... because he died...
as far as law
and the world were concerned.
Dave was an innocent man.
Hey. finally no line
at the vending machines.
I'm gonna get a soda.
You want one?
No. no. no. they must have. Mom.
they-they wouldn't just say
-"this is the prison calling." okay?
-Yes. Yes. they did.
They said this is ACI calling
and we're sorry to inform you that...
Okay. that doesn't make
any sense. Mom. okay?
So. so. are they gonna.
are they gonna call us back?
He wouldn't.
he wouldn't do that to himself.
He wouldn't do it to me.
he would never do that!
Listen. it's okay.
I'm going to call them and I'm going
to find out who called us. all right?
It's terrible.
it's a terrible thing.
It's hard to even think about.
the kind of desperation
behind a choice like that.
Makes you think about
all your own choices in life. right?
All the things you've done
or haven't done.
Hey.
Hey. Hey. hey.
Hey. you know the Navy SEALs use
this thing. to help them calm down?
Which is crazy. right?
These elite warriors. they train
and they practice and still. they panic.
Even Navy SEALs have
to make themselves remember to breathe.
Okay? In for four. hold for four.
out for four. hold for four.
It's called box breathing.
A box has four sides.
You just focus on the numbers
and the sides and that's it.
4 x 4. Do it with me. come on.
Let's build a box together. right now.
Hold... two. three. four.
Hold. two. three. four.
Out. two. three. four.
Hi.
-Do we have a...
-What the fuck did you say to my brother?
-Excuse me?
-Show up out of nowhere.
get in his mind.
say who the fuck knows what
until suddenly he thinks
he has no way out of...
Oh... Okay. My God.
Can I just...
I-I was so sorry
when I heard what happened.
Why were you even there? Hmm?
You didn't exist for Shane at school.
and I know that.
he never mentioned you once.
To be fair. seeing the counselor
is not always gonna be something
a student talks about at home. right?
You're telling me
he fucking came to see you?
HIPAA requirements say
I can't tell you anything.
I'm sorry.
But whether he did or didn't.
with a student body of 600 kids.
being generally aware of all of them
and their various struggles.
yeah. that was my job.
Why'd you go to the prison?
To offer my support...
No. I want to know what kind
of apocalyptic shit you said to him.
Besides that. fucking Oliver St. Ledger
sees you for therapy. which is...
I just don't really know how to wrap
my mind around that. actually.
So he told you that. but he didn't
tell you what else we talked about?
Okay. he's figuring things out.
he's taking fucking classes
and then here you are.
and a month later he kills himself.
A-And you think talking to me
had something to do with that?
I do.
and I think I have a lot of questions
that I'm gonna ask
to whoever's responsible
for you having a license
to talk to anybody. okay?
So just know
that's what's gonna be happening.
Well. then maybe
also ask them if they think
someone without
a baseline of mental instability
and history of emotional detachment
in the home
can be goaded into suicide
by one casual conversation
with a sympathetic relative stranger.
Oh. this is such an awful thing.
Look. I-I understand
needing to explain it away somehow.
But when
an already mentally vulnerable person
is put into such
a challenging environment.
at an age where they're
still struggling with coping skills.
and with the idea
that the future even exists.
not to mention a support system at home
that just isn't up to the task in a real...
Jesus fuck!
So... as soon as court opens tomorrow.
I'm gonna file a temporary
ex parte order of protection against you.
And just to make it final...
-Fuck you!
-Okay.
Did Mom go to sleep?
She went to her room.
I'm sure she's not sleeping.
Nobody sleeps in this house.
Obviously.
Okay. Talk show. old movie. infomercial.
-or...
-Where do you think Shane is now?
Shit.
I'm gonna need a drink or ten
for that conversation.
Megan. I don't want to talk
about heaven or whatever. okay?
Because you don't think he's...
If there is a place he is.
I hope that everything makes sense to him.
that he doesn't hurt any more.
Okay?
Me. too.
Also I wish there was a place like that
for Mom to go.
Yeah. I mean. Mom's still alive.
but I get what you're saying.
I saw him that night.
What does that mean?
Mom and Dad went
to Holy Spirit purse bingo
and he was supposed to come home
after practice and make dinner.
but he didn't.
so I made it.
and I saw him get dropped off.
By a car that I saw.
Whose car it was...
Okay. and...
Okay. well. d-did Shane know this?
-Yes.
-When?
-Right when he came inside.
-Okay. and what did he say?
H-He said he was home the whole time.
And he never asked you
to say anything later to anybody. ever?
I thought he would.
I was waiting. but he never did.
Why didn't he want me to?
You know what? Maybe he was...
afraid. yeah.
of you bringing Oliver into it.
and of Oliver's family.
Of what they might do. t-to us. to you.
I mean. who-who knows?
With people who can be...
what they are.
You feel guilty? For not saying?
Don't.
Okay?
It wouldn't have made any difference.
It still would've all happened
the exact same way.
and you couldn't have stopped it.
So. please. please...
don't let it derail your life.
Okay? Come here.
-Ms. Martin?
-One of them.
Which one are you?
Shyla.
Is your mom Kristi?
Is she here. too?
She's not here at the moment.
And you live here. with her?
Rub it in. why don't ya?
So. uh. you're Shane's sister?
Hey. can I ask a question?
Yes. we are here
to ask people questions
about a guy named Oliver St. Ledger.
Specifically.
about the possible revenge killing
of a guy named Oliver St. Ledger.
We spoke to Annette Sparling.
She gave us your address.
Does your sister live here. too?
Megan or Ciara Wyse?
W-Which one do you call her?
Look. I don't know
where Megan lives. okay?
I don't even know where she is.
Or if she's ever coming back.
Hey.
I've just been sitting here
watching you breathe.
You're Megan.
You're Shane's sister.
Yeah.
The day that Paul Sparling died...
I saw you.
And I knew that you were lying.
But I was no one.
compared to you and your family.
And there was nothing that I could do.
And it just kept spinning out of control.
my whole life.
Even so many years later.
spinning out of control.
And I wanted to hurt you.
I really. really wanted to hurt you.
And so I made a plan.
But then I started to know you.
And I saw...
how lonely you were.
That I didn't need
to do anything to ruin your life
because you were doing that on your own.
I really wanted to tell you the truth.
I-I had so many opportunities
to tell you the truth and I didn't.
I'm sorry.
I am sorry.
He was my best friend.
And your brother.
he didn't deserve that.
You brother didn't do anything wrong.
It was me.
I know that.
I knew that.
But thank you for saying that.
Because I think I really needed...
you to say that to me.
And I'm so in love with you.
I'm so in love with you.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Can't say that I am surprised
that you're a Tom Petty fan.
but if I hear another Tom Petty song
in the next million years.
it'll be too fucking soon.
When was Tom Petty bothering you?
When I was driving and you were sleeping.
or when I was driving
and you were sleeping?
So. do we think Megan Martin.
slash Ciara Wyse.
is somewhere in the world.
with or without Oliver Kennedy?
Yeah. we don't know that.
I said "we think." not "we know."
But you do agree that that's the first
road we should go down tomorrow?
Okay. yeah. it's the first road.
but it's not the only road...
♪ One. two ♪
♪ You better watch what you say ♪
♪ You better watch what you do to me ♪
♪ Don't get carried away ♪
♪ Girl. if you can do better than me ♪
♪ Go ♪
♪ Yeah. go ♪
♪ But remember ♪
♪ Good love is hard to find ♪
♪ Good love
is hard to find ♪
♪ You got lucky. babe ♪
♪ When I found you ♪
♪ You put a hand on my cheek ♪
♪ And then you turned your eyes away ♪
♪ If you don't feel complete ♪
♪ If I don't take you all of the way ♪
♪ Then go ♪
♪ Yeah. go ♪
♪ But remember ♪
♪ Good love is hard to find ♪
♪ You got lucky. babe ♪
♪ When I found you ♪♪